[Docs] Add SkyLab to the readme page. (#4555)
skypilot-org/skypilot: README.md

SkyPilot is a framework for running AI and batch workloads on any infra, offering unified execution, high cost savings, and high GPU availability.

> SkyPilot was initially developed at the [Sky Computing Lab](https://sky.cs.berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley. Over time, it has gained adoption among both industry users and academic researchers.

Reviewer: How about adding to the end of https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot?tab=readme-ov-file#more-information ? Flows nicely after "Read the research".

Author: Good point! Done.

Author: oops, encountered some github authentication problems and cannot push.. will get back later.

Author: Done. PTAL!

- [Sky Computing vision paper](https://sigops.org/s/conferences/hotos/2021/papers/hotos21-s02-stoica.pdf) (HotOS 2021)
- [Policy for Managed Spot Jobs](https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi24/presentation/wu-zhanghao)  (NSDI 2024)

> SkyPilot was initially developed at the [Sky Computing Lab](https://sky.cs.berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley. Over time, it has gained adoption among both industry users and academic researchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPilot was initially started at the [Sky Computing Lab](https://sky.cs.berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley and has since gained many industry contributors. Read more about the project's origin [here](https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/sky-computing.html).
```
